babi            b a b i sp
bader           b a d e sp
baffer          b a f e sp
balai           b a l e sp
banco           b A k o sp
barre           b a R e sp
barreau         b a R o sp
bassa           b a s a sp
basset          b a s e sp
bate            b a t e sp
bateau          b a t o sp
becot           b e k o sp
beurre          b  R e sp
bidet           b i d e sp
bisser          b i s e sp
bonde           b S d e sp
bora            b o R a sp
bouder          b u d e sp
bureau          b y R o sp
cabas           k a b a sp
cadet           k a d e sp
caper           k a p e sp
carat           k a R a sp
cassis          k a s i sp
ceder           s e d e sp
cedrat          s e d R a sp
cella           s e l a sp
centrant        s A t R A sp
cepee           s e p e sp
cerceau         s E R s o sp
cessant         s e s A sp
champi          S A p i sp
chanci          S A s i sp
chanter         S A t e sp
charca          S a R k a sp
chassie         S a s i sp
choper          S o p e sp
ciment          s i m A sp
cirant          s i R A sp
cire            s i R e sp
cireux          s i R  sp
cite            s i t e sp
city            s i t i sp
civet           s i v e sp
coca            k o k a sp
cocon           k o k S sp
code            k o d e sp
coma            k o m a sp
combat          k S b a sp
compas          k S p a sp
concis          k S s i sp
conga           k S g a sp
copie           k o p i sp
coppa           k o p a sp
coude           k u d e sp
crecy           k R e s i sp
cure            k y R e sp
cypres          s i p R e sp
debat           d e b a sp
debit           d e b i sp
debut           d e b y sp
deca            d e k a sp
decent          d e s A sp
deces           d e s e sp
deci            d e s i sp
defait          d e f e sp
defaut          d e f o sp
defi            d e f i sp
degat           d e g a sp
delai           d e l e sp
delit           d e l i sp
dement          d e m A sp
demis           d e m i sp
depit           d e p i sp
depot           d e p o sp
dessert         d e s E R sp
doper           d o p e sp
drape           d R a p e sp
faucon          f o k S sp
fecond          f e k S sp
fera            f e R a sp
ferreux         f e R  sp
fesser          f e s e sp
feta            f e t a sp
file            f i l e sp
format          f O R m a sp
gaba            g a b a sp
gala            g a l a sp
gamay           g a m e sp
gamma           g a m a sp
garer           g a R e sp
garrot          g a R o sp
geisha          g e S a sp
girer           Z i R e sp
godet           g o d e sp
kama            k a m a sp
kappa           k a p a sp
kata            k a t a sp
kora            k o R a sp
lacis           l a s i sp
laissant        l e s A sp
laisse          l e s e sp
lama            l a m a sp
landais         l A d e sp
laper           l a p e sp
lechant         l e S A sp
lego            l e g o sp
lerot           l e R o sp
lettre          l e t R e sp
licou           l i k u sp
lilas           l i l a sp
lisse           l i s e sp
loco            l o k o sp
lotta           l o t a sp
macis           m a s i sp
malais          m a l e sp
mali            m a l i sp
maman           m a m A sp
mamba           m A b a sp
mamie           m a m i sp
mana            m a n a sp
manceau         m A s o sp
mande           m A d e sp
manga           m A g a sp
manta           m A t a sp
mara            m a R a sp
maraud          m a R o sp
maree           m a R e sp
masse           m a s e sp
mate            m a t e sp
mefait          m e f e sp
memo            m e m o sp
merou           m e R u sp
messie          m e s i sp
meta            m e t a sp
mica            m i k a sp
mimer           m i m e sp
mirer           m i R e sp
miro            m i R o sp
mita            m i t a sp
mite            m i t e sp
moka            m o k a sp
naga            n a g a sp
naira           n e R a sp
napper          n a p e sp
pacha           p a S a sp
paiement        p e m A sp
paissant        p e s A sp
papet           p a p e sp
papi            p a p i sp
para            p a R a sp
passe           p a s e sp
paume           p o m e sp
pechant         p e S A sp
pelot           p e l o sp
pepie           p e p i sp
peri            p e R i sp
perot           p e R o sp
perou           p e R u sp
perre           p e R e sp
perron          p e R S sp
pessah          p e s a sp
petant          p e t A sp
petard          p e t a R sp
pete            p e t e sp
petri           p e t R i sp
pica            p i k a sp
picot           p i k o sp
pifer           p i f e sp
pipa            p i p a sp
pipe            p i p e sp
pipeau          p i p o sp
pissat          p i s a sp
pissou          p i s u sp
pita            p i t a sp
poli            p o l i sp
poreux          p o R  sp
prepa           p R e p a sp
quota           k o t a sp
rabat           R a b a sp
race            R a s e sp
rachat          R a S a sp
rader           R a d e sp
raga            R a g a sp
raifort         R e f O R sp
ramas           R a m a sp
rami            R a m i sp
ramper          R A p e sp
ranci           R A s i sp
rape            R a p e sp
rassis          R a s i sp
rata            R a t a sp
ravi            R a v i sp
recent          R e s A sp
reces           R  s e sp
rechaud         R e S o sp
recit           R e s i sp
recre           R e k R e sp
refait          R  f e sp
reggae          R e g e sp
regie           R e Z i sp
remis           R  m i sp
repas           R  p a sp
repit           R e p i sp
repos           R  p o sp
ressaut         R  s o sp
retro           R e t R o sp
revant          R e v A sp
reve            R e v e sp
rhodo           R o d o sp
ride            R i d e sp
rimer           R i m e sp
rivet           R i v e sp
rober           R o b e sp
robot           R o b o sp
roder           R o d e sp
roman           R o m A sp
roncet          R S s e sp
rossant         R o s A sp
rossee          R o s e sp
roter           R o t e sp
roti            R o t i sp
roto            R o t o sp
roupie          R u p i sp
roussi          R u s i sp
sabbat          s a b a sp
saga            s a g a sp
samba           s A b a sp
sante           s A t e sp
sara            s a R a sp
saucee          s o s e sp
saura           s o R a sp
sauret          s o R e sp
scellant        s e l A sp
sceller         s e l e l e sp
scierie         s i R i sp
sechant         s e S A sp
sechard         s e S a R sp
secot           s e k o sp
secu            s e k y sp
senat           s e n a sp
sene            s e n e sp
sense           s A s e sp
sent-end        sil
sent-start      sil
sentant         s A t A sp
senti           s A t i sp
sereux          s e R  sp
serra           s e R a sp
serrant         s e R A sp
serre           s e R e sp
shabbat         S a b a sp
shako           S a k o sp
silo            s i l o sp
sima            s i m a sp
sipo            s i p o sp
sirop           s i R o sp
soma            s o m a sp
sommer          s o m e sp
sonde           s S d e sp
soude           s u d e sp
syrah           s i R a sp
tabac           t a b a sp
tabou           t a b u sp
tacon           t a k S sp
tacot           t a k o sp
tamis           t a m i sp
tancer          t A s e sp
tanka           t A k a sp
tape            t a p e sp
tapi            t a p i sp
tarder          t a R d e sp
tarot           t a R o sp
tasse           t a s e sp
tasseau         t a s o sp
taupe           t o p e sp
tele            t e l e sp
tente           t A t e sp
terreau         t e R o sp
terreux         t e R  sp
terri           t e R i sp
tesson          t e s S sp
tetant          t e t A sp
tetra           t e t R a sp
teve            t e v e sp
theta           t e t a sp
thomas          t o m a sp
tipi            t i p i sp
tisse           t i s e sp
tommy           t o m i sp
tracas          t R a k a sp
trauma          t R o m a sp
trema           t R e m a sp
trempe          t R A p e sp
tricot          t R i k o sp
type            t i p e sp
vaisseau        v e s o sp
vamper          v A p e sp
vereux          v e R  sp
vessie          v e s i sp
veto            v e t o sp
vide            v i d e sp
