babi            [babi]          b a b i sp
bader           [bader]         b a d e sp
baffer          [baffer]        b a f e sp
balai           [balai]         b a l e sp
banco           [banco]         b A k o sp
barre           [barre]         b a R e sp
barreau         [barreau]       b a R o sp
bassa           [bassa]         b a s a sp
basset          [basset]        b a s e sp
bate            [bate]          b a t e sp
bateau          [bateau]        b a t o sp
becot           [becot]         b e k o sp
beurre          [beurre]        b  R e sp
bidet           [bidet]         b i d e sp
bisser          [bisser]        b i s e sp
bonde           [bonde]         b S d e sp
bora            [bora]          b o R a sp
bouder          [bouder]        b u d e sp
bureau          [bureau]        b y R o sp
cabas           [cabas]         k a b a sp
cadet           [cadet]         k a d e sp
caper           [caper]         k a p e sp
carat           [carat]         k a R a sp
cassis          [cassis]        k a s i sp
ceder           [ceder]         s e d e sp
cedrat          [cedrat]        s e d R a sp
cella           [cella]         s e l a sp
centrant        [centrant]      s A t R A sp
cepee           [cepee]         s e p e sp
cerceau         [cerceau]       s E R s o sp
cessant         [cessant]       s e s A sp
champi          [champi]        S A p i sp
chanci          [chanci]        S A s i sp
chanter         [chanter]       S A t e sp
charca          [charca]        S a R k a sp
chassie         [chassie]       S a s i sp
choper          [choper]        S o p e sp
ciment          [ciment]        s i m A sp
cirant          [cirant]        s i R A sp
cire            [cire]          s i R e sp
cireux          [cireux]        s i R  sp
cite            [cite]          s i t e sp
city            [city]          s i t i sp
civet           [civet]         s i v e sp
coca            [coca]          k o k a sp
cocon           [cocon]         k o k S sp
code            [code]          k o d e sp
coma            [coma]          k o m a sp
combat          [combat]        k S b a sp
compas          [compas]        k S p a sp
concis          [concis]        k S s i sp
conga           [conga]         k S g a sp
copie           [copie]         k o p i sp
coppa           [coppa]         k o p a sp
coude           [coude]         k u d e sp
crecy           [crecy]         k R e s i sp
cure            [cure]          k y R e sp
cypres          [cypres]        s i p R e sp
debat           [debat]         d e b a sp
debit           [debit]         d e b i sp
debut           [debut]         d e b y sp
deca            [deca]          d e k a sp
decent          [decent]        d e s A sp
deces           [deces]         d e s e sp
deci            [deci]          d e s i sp
defait          [defait]        d e f e sp
defaut          [defaut]        d e f o sp
defi            [defi]          d e f i sp
degat           [degat]         d e g a sp
delai           [delai]         d e l e sp
delit           [delit]         d e l i sp
dement          [dement]        d e m A sp
demis           [demis]         d e m i sp
depit           [depit]         d e p i sp
depot           [depot]         d e p o sp
dessert         [dessert]       d e s E R sp
doper           [doper]         d o p e sp
drape           [drape]         d R a p e sp
faucon          [faucon]        f o k S sp
fecond          [fecond]        f e k S sp
fera            [fera]          f e R a sp
ferreux         [ferreux]       f e R  sp
fesser          [fesser]        f e s e sp
feta            [feta]          f e t a sp
file            [file]          f i l e sp
format          [format]        f O R m a sp
gaba            [gaba]          g a b a sp
gala            [gala]          g a l a sp
gamay           [gamay]         g a m e sp
gamma           [gamma]         g a m a sp
garer           [garer]         g a R e sp
garrot          [garrot]        g a R o sp
geisha          [geisha]        g e S a sp
girer           [girer]         Z i R e sp
godet           [godet]         g o d e sp
kama            [kama]          k a m a sp
kappa           [kappa]         k a p a sp
kata            [kata]          k a t a sp
kora            [kora]          k o R a sp
lacis           [lacis]         l a s i sp
laissant        [laissant]      l e s A sp
laisse          [laisse]        l e s e sp
lama            [lama]          l a m a sp
landais         [landais]       l A d e sp
laper           [laper]         l a p e sp
lechant         [lechant]       l e S A sp
lego            [lego]          l e g o sp
lerot           [lerot]         l e R o sp
lettre          [lettre]        l e t R e sp
licou           [licou]         l i k u sp
lilas           [lilas]         l i l a sp
lisse           [lisse]         l i s e sp
loco            [loco]          l o k o sp
lotta           [lotta]         l o t a sp
macis           [macis]         m a s i sp
malais          [malais]        m a l e sp
mali            [mali]          m a l i sp
maman           [maman]         m a m A sp
mamba           [mamba]         m A b a sp
mamie           [mamie]         m a m i sp
mana            [mana]          m a n a sp
manceau         [manceau]       m A s o sp
mande           [mande]         m A d e sp
manga           [manga]         m A g a sp
manta           [manta]         m A t a sp
mara            [mara]          m a R a sp
maraud          [maraud]        m a R o sp
maree           [maree]         m a R e sp
masse           [masse]         m a s e sp
mate            [mate]          m a t e sp
mefait          [mefait]        m e f e sp
memo            [memo]          m e m o sp
merou           [merou]         m e R u sp
messie          [messie]        m e s i sp
meta            [meta]          m e t a sp
mica            [mica]          m i k a sp
mimer           [mimer]         m i m e sp
mirer           [mirer]         m i R e sp
miro            [miro]          m i R o sp
mita            [mita]          m i t a sp
mite            [mite]          m i t e sp
moka            [moka]          m o k a sp
naga            [naga]          n a g a sp
naira           [naira]         n e R a sp
napper          [napper]        n a p e sp
pacha           [pacha]         p a S a sp
paiement        [paiement]      p e m A sp
paissant        [paissant]      p e s A sp
papet           [papet]         p a p e sp
papi            [papi]          p a p i sp
para            [para]          p a R a sp
passe           [passe]         p a s e sp
paume           [paume]         p o m e sp
pechant         [pechant]       p e S A sp
pelot           [pelot]         p e l o sp
pepie           [pepie]         p e p i sp
peri            [peri]          p e R i sp
perot           [perot]         p e R o sp
perou           [perou]         p e R u sp
perre           [perre]         p e R e sp
perron          [perron]        p e R S sp
pessah          [pessah]        p e s a sp
petant          [petant]        p e t A sp
petard          [petard]        p e t a R sp
pete            [pete]          p e t e sp
petri           [petri]         p e t R i sp
pica            [pica]          p i k a sp
picot           [picot]         p i k o sp
pifer           [pifer]         p i f e sp
pipa            [pipa]          p i p a sp
pipe            [pipe]          p i p e sp
pipeau          [pipeau]        p i p o sp
pissat          [pissat]        p i s a sp
pissou          [pissou]        p i s u sp
pita            [pita]          p i t a sp
poli            [poli]          p o l i sp
poreux          [poreux]        p o R  sp
prepa           [prepa]         p R e p a sp
quota           [quota]         k o t a sp
rabat           [rabat]         R a b a sp
race            [race]          R a s e sp
rachat          [rachat]        R a S a sp
rader           [rader]         R a d e sp
raga            [raga]          R a g a sp
raifort         [raifort]       R e f O R sp
ramas           [ramas]         R a m a sp
rami            [rami]          R a m i sp
ramper          [ramper]        R A p e sp
ranci           [ranci]         R A s i sp
rape            [rape]          R a p e sp
rassis          [rassis]        R a s i sp
rata            [rata]          R a t a sp
ravi            [ravi]          R a v i sp
recent          [recent]        R e s A sp
reces           [reces]         R  s e sp
rechaud         [rechaud]       R e S o sp
recit           [recit]         R e s i sp
recre           [recre]         R e k R e sp
refait          [refait]        R  f e sp
reggae          [reggae]        R e g e sp
regie           [regie]         R e Z i sp
remis           [remis]         R  m i sp
repas           [repas]         R  p a sp
repit           [repit]         R e p i sp
repos           [repos]         R  p o sp
ressaut         [ressaut]       R  s o sp
retro           [retro]         R e t R o sp
revant          [revant]        R e v A sp
reve            [reve]          R e v e sp
rhodo           [rhodo]         R o d o sp
ride            [ride]          R i d e sp
rimer           [rimer]         R i m e sp
rivet           [rivet]         R i v e sp
rober           [rober]         R o b e sp
robot           [robot]         R o b o sp
roder           [roder]         R o d e sp
roman           [roman]         R o m A sp
roncet          [roncet]        R S s e sp
rossant         [rossant]       R o s A sp
rossee          [rossee]        R o s e sp
roter           [roter]         R o t e sp
roti            [roti]          R o t i sp
roto            [roto]          R o t o sp
roupie          [roupie]        R u p i sp
roussi          [roussi]        R u s i sp
sabbat          [sabbat]        s a b a sp
saga            [saga]          s a g a sp
samba           [samba]         s A b a sp
sante           [sante]         s A t e sp
sara            [sara]          s a R a sp
saucee          [saucee]        s o s e sp
saura           [saura]         s o R a sp
sauret          [sauret]        s o R e sp
scellant        [scellant]      s e l A sp
sceller         [sceller]       s e l e l e sp
scierie         [scierie]       s i R i sp
sechant         [sechant]       s e S A sp
sechard         [sechard]       s e S a R sp
secot           [secot]         s e k o sp
secu            [secu]          s e k y sp
senat           [senat]         s e n a sp
sene            [sene]          s e n e sp
sense           [sense]         s A s e sp
sent-end        [sent-end]      sil
sent-start      [sent-start]    sil
sentant         [sentant]       s A t A sp
senti           [senti]         s A t i sp
sereux          [sereux]        s e R  sp
serra           [serra]         s e R a sp
serrant         [serrant]       s e R A sp
serre           [serre]         s e R e sp
shabbat         [shabbat]       S a b a sp
shako           [shako]         S a k o sp
silo            [silo]          s i l o sp
sima            [sima]          s i m a sp
sipo            [sipo]          s i p o sp
sirop           [sirop]         s i R o sp
soma            [soma]          s o m a sp
sommer          [sommer]        s o m e sp
sonde           [sonde]         s S d e sp
soude           [soude]         s u d e sp
syrah           [syrah]         s i R a sp
tabac           [tabac]         t a b a sp
tabou           [tabou]         t a b u sp
tacon           [tacon]         t a k S sp
tacot           [tacot]         t a k o sp
tamis           [tamis]         t a m i sp
tancer          [tancer]        t A s e sp
tanka           [tanka]         t A k a sp
tape            [tape]          t a p e sp
tapi            [tapi]          t a p i sp
tarder          [tarder]        t a R d e sp
tarot           [tarot]         t a R o sp
tasse           [tasse]         t a s e sp
tasseau         [tasseau]       t a s o sp
taupe           [taupe]         t o p e sp
tele            [tele]          t e l e sp
tente           [tente]         t A t e sp
terreau         [terreau]       t e R o sp
terreux         [terreux]       t e R  sp
terri           [terri]         t e R i sp
tesson          [tesson]        t e s S sp
tetant          [tetant]        t e t A sp
tetra           [tetra]         t e t R a sp
teve            [teve]          t e v e sp
theta           [theta]         t e t a sp
thomas          [thomas]        t o m a sp
tipi            [tipi]          t i p i sp
tisse           [tisse]         t i s e sp
tommy           [tommy]         t o m i sp
tracas          [tracas]        t R a k a sp
trauma          [trauma]        t R o m a sp
trema           [trema]         t R e m a sp
trempe          [trempe]        t R A p e sp
tricot          [tricot]        t R i k o sp
type            [type]          t i p e sp
vaisseau        [vaisseau]      v e s o sp
vamper          [vamper]        v A p e sp
vereux          [vereux]        v e R  sp
vessie          [vessie]        v e s i sp
veto            [veto]          v e t o sp
vide            [vide]          v i d e sp
